publish 'use' images (#69)
Agoric/agoric-3-proposals: README.md

The `TEST` stage does not RUN as part of the build. It only defines the ENTRYPOINT and CI runs them all.

The `USE` stage is built into images that are pushed to the image repository. These can be used by release branches to source a particular state of the synthetic chain.

> Finally there is a `DEFAULT` target which take the last `USE` image and sets the to `./start_agd.sh` which runs the chain indefinitely. This makes it easy to source that image as a way to _run_ the synthetic chain with all passed proposals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, there is a `DEFAULT` target which takes the last `USE` image and sets its entrypoint to `./start_agd.sh` which runs the chain indefinitely. This makes it easy to source that image as a way to _run_ the synthetic chain with all passed proposals.
```
